This is a console application that utilizes Socrata API to display current food trucks that are open in SF area at the time of running the Console App. It includes 3 projects: Common which defines interfaces and data models, FoodTruckDataService which implement IDataService defined in Common, and FoodTruckFinder which is the start up project. To run the app, if it has been built, go to buildDir/bin/Debug/netcoreapp3.1/, with any shell, type FoodTruckFinder.exe, it will start displaying list of food truck(s) that are open currently.

To extend it to a web applications, we could reuse Common and FoodTruckDataService projects, and create a new Web Application project. For the API call, first we need to get an AppToken and update the API call first. Secondly, to decrease number of requests to the socrata API, we could use some sort of cache mechanism, it could be in memory cache or in memory database. The app can be hosted in the Cloud with load balancer in front of serveral hosting servers so that each server can share the traffic load. Third, add logging and performance metric. Elastic search logging can be used and easily integrated. And We can use Grafana or Kibana Dashboard to analize traffic patterns. NewRelic plugins will be useful to monitor traffic load and a proper apdex can alert us if servers are under pressure so that we can promptly scale up. In addition, we should implement proper error handling. Current console app did not implement any error handling. We should handle API call timeout or error situations.